alright guys welcome to Dean seven of
the juice fast diary alright so straight
up a pack I'm gonna tell you now I kind
of cheated a little bit no no I didn't
eat any food and didn't have any
consumer was an output um I did kind of
cheat today I was a little bit naughty
and I had like more fruit than I suppose
but one of these days where you just
think you know that's your treat I look
I can have a look I've had a few little
naughty ideas but damn it's still
working it's still doing well for us I
am going to go back to more kind of veg
and incorporate more veg into my future
shakes a sort of future juices um but
yeah did cheating I had like a lot of
their fruit in this one in fact I'm a
defeated all fruit no i didn't i did
have a cucumber cucumber which makes
quite a lot of juice by the way you may
not think it but cucumbers again one of
those vegetables that that's
predominantly water-based so you get
quite a lot of juice out of them but
other than the cucumber it was offered
so sorry mama has that's me that's me
told off for doing that and but right
okie energy level as a non-issue now
guys and pretty much I'm feeling good
every day I'm feeling on top of it I
don't really get up thing it did the
trouble is I don't don't make the most
of my energy here because I'm up to like
three four o'clock in the morning right
now it's one o'clock in the morning and
i'm recording this so like I don't
really make the most of my new energy
levels but I should take advantage of
that hopefully in in the future once
I've lost my weight and we get going
down to the gym and whatnot and toning
up but yeah other than that really tell
you I'm getting this question a lot from
a people out there who've either popped
in on my facebook or and always asker's
you know how do I get started what do i
do you know it sounds cool ppl you're
losing weight so very simple guys by
itself a juicer said it before I'll see
it again buy a juicer on ebay for about
forty quid for mine cost 45 and I'm
going to blend out with it
lenders on the devil don't use the black
put that aside but remember you only
want to choose you don't want any pulp
pulp is a big no-no the Apple Insider
the big stuff is stuff that's the pull
the juices just what you drink if it
tastes like water or it goes down like
water that's juice anything like that
like a smoothie is not you've got pulp
and that you shouldn't have that all
right guy should get it you sir I spend
roughly about 30 to 40 pounds on fruit
and veg per week now in you know in
hindsight I usually spend maybe 40 to 60
pound on freakin Chinese food and God
knows what I asked me one Chinese cost
us 15 quid and I go at mcdonalds at that
weekend so that's 20 quid you know and
you know I don't screw myself along the
family as well and then with the other
stuff a chocolate crisps you know it all
kinda goes together so for people
thinking I'm on a budget I really kind
of afford it yeah do it that way it's
it's easy 30 to 40 quid be absolutely
fine also one more question I get asked
is a bit work I've got to get a 10 hour
shift how the hell do I juice through
that okay juices naturally last round
seven hours if the sealed okay otherwise
you start losing quite a lot of
nutrients from them and then they become
pointless because your body all the way
you will lose weight but your body will
get the nutrients it needs its losing
the nutrients once you do them fresh it
starts losing the nutrients okay so you
must try and drink number than seven
hours now ideally if you're on a full C
in vain 25 you would have a deuce in the
modern over half seventy eight o'clock
get that down now I consume roughly
about three pints of juice adair so if
you say you have memories you know a
half a half a pint or a pint of juice in
the morning you took memories a painting
a half to work with you and throw the
day you're sipping it you don't have to
drink it all at once you can just sip it
and when you when you run out with juice
or if you just your fancy record I don't
you know you can have water that's
perfectly fine as long as obviously you
have at least I mean I say I have at
least two pints of juice idea and that
does me okay guys the juice hasn't
bought do what by choose from the you
know co-op or from us there or anywhere
later test scores it's not
it's processed it doesn't contain the
nutrients it's all processed crap it's
full of sugars even if it's es yoga free
it's full of sugars or you know
additives and all them horrible ease
that you see all the time so you know
what that guys I sound like a proper
health freak but it's just these other
questions that I'm getting asked daily
now and rather than kinda quick have to
liberate myself over and over and over I
just want to kind of see it now and I'll
direct everyone a day 7 which is bust
and they can just deal with it from
there right yeah so that's that's pretty
much that other than that I don't think
there's anything else to mention is
there quickly quickly quickly quickly
nope I think that's everything just
remember guys if you're on a budget
you're going to be spending 30 to 40
quid on fruit and veg you can take it if
you've got a car take your blended
ability work with you if you don't a
12-hour shift there's no way you can
store that much juice for the whole day
remember the top up on water and if you
know if you feel and start get on top of
on water your buddies can't eat anything
anyway it's not only going to eat at you
but it's best to just get rid of that
niggling hunger pain and just top of a
more than the water will trick your body
and the thing and that or trick your
mind in the thing that you your follow
you've consumed something so that you do
for that anyway I'm babbling on a bit
now so I'm going to move on guys today
super juice will already have been up
there for probably ages now so I hope
you enjoy that that was a naughty juice
guys you shouldn't take that one every
day yeah I'm actually recording this on
deer because it was a bit lazy and I
didn't do this yesterday so if you want
to go back a go-forward sorry today it
there's a good super juice in there with
pepper and I was really really of it's
probably the best one of me at the dead
and I'm still enjoying it now so yeah
guys check that out thanks for tuning in
and I shall see you tomorrow indeed well
watch did but i'll see on day 9 by
you